[Autogenerated] our code is written in Java,
so we'd like a migration tool that supports Java.
We're going to use something called Flyway.
So Flyway is an open source project.
Is that flyway DB or GUI and a Flyway offers cross database support.
He does support from any database is so Oracle SQL Server my SQL
post squares H two SQL in memory databases as well.
A standard database is it also has maven and greater support So we can
add tasks to grade URL for example to execute away.
And that's exactly what we're going to do.
Flyway letters,
right Migrations using SQL It also lets us right migrations
Using java in this code will just use SQL for the job for
migrations are equally is valid for us.
So to use fly away we need to ad flyway to griddle.
To do that,
we need to add a dependency So we tell griddle what the name and the
version of the plug in is once we've added fly away to griddle Then we
set fly way up So we use the flyway closure when we pass it Some
information we can see here we're telling it which database tubes So
we say we're using my SQL.
We tell it the username on the password.
It is a very strong password.
In this case.
We tell it this scheme of we'd like to update and then we
tell you where to find the SQL migrations in this case to
execute against the database.
And here we're saying to look in two places we look in a
common folder on we look in a my SQL folder.
The idea here is that we hold migrations that can apply to any database.
In the common folder,
we add migrations that are my SQL specific in the my SQL folder
on This is just one way of setting this up.
We're splitting up our migrations into database general
migrations on database specific migrations.
So given the plug in on this flyway migration flyway
then AD DS a set of tasks to grade URL.
So we see we have a clean task and we have a my great task,
my greatest, the one we really care about here.
So the flyway migrate task will run the migrations for us Now,
at the moment,
we're only going to run migrations against the production database.
But we also have a test database.
At some point when we do that, we need to make this slightly more complex on.
We'll cover that when we talk about how we set up testing for this application.
So now that we've seen how to configure,
fly away, let's go and write some migrations. Let's go and run those migrations on, see how they affect the database.